      Môj text: dwa
Wake up Neo...  The Matrix has you...  (You're connected to Morpheus' server. Send me your ID to proceed.)

      Môj text: 12809
You sent me some rubbish or your ID doesn't exist, try again...

      Môj text: 128090
Hello Barčák Jozef I need you to do something for me...

      Môj text: what
Please disconnect, then reprogram your software to display your name  including diacritics using the function SetConsoleOutputCP(CP_UTF8).  Display messages from me one letter at a time (wait a few milliseconds after each letter).Then reconnect and after reading this message send me the code 844848.

      Môj text: 844848
You sent me the correct code. Now disconnect and reprogram your software to show all my messages in green color and all your messages in blue color.If you don't know how, check the documentation for excercise 2.5.1. Then reconnect and send me the code 753422.

      Môj text: 753422
You sent me the correct code. Now send me the result of the following. Compute the sum of first 5 digits of your student ID, then divide it by the fifth digit and send me the remainder of the division. The operation must be programed using a function using the ID as an argument. It can't be hard-coded. WARNING - If the fifth digit is zero, use 9 instead. The result must be computed by your software! 

      Môj text: 2You sent the correct remainder, now reprogram your software so that your messages will be displayed on the left side of the screen and mine on the right side of the screen. If you need advice check the documentation for excercise 2.5.2. MAKE SURE OF THIS - your messages must end before the half of the screen, mine start after it. No word can be divided across lines. After finishing reconnect and send me this code 333222334.

      Môj text: 333222334
You sent the correct code. In the next message send me the code 123; then I'll send you a cipher of length 148 created by XOR 55. Decipher it and follow the orders! If you need advice check the documentation for excercise 2.3.2.

      Môj text: 123
Secret message no. 777: Your partner Trinity is on GPS coordinates 27.988111052036142, 86.92496147100249. Are you willing to find out where she is?

      Môj text: yes
Trinity is endangered by Agent Smith! Send me the integral part of the first coordinate from previous ciphered message

      Môj text: 27
Correct coordinate. Send me the integral part of the second coordinate from previous ciphered message

      Môj text: 86
Correct. Send me the abbreviation of the detected object defined by the GPS coordinates in format X.Y. (all letters as capital letters)

      Môj text: M.E.
Yes, Trinity was near the Mount Everest, but agent Smith kidnapped her. Now, send me the string PRIMENUMBER. Then, you will receive a noisy message. Take every character on prime number letter positions (2,3,5...), and put these characters together to form a string and send me this string. ALERT! The string can not be hardcoded in your software, you must invent an algorithm for this to sharpen your analytical abilities in order to fight enemy agents better.

      Môj text: PRIMENUMBER
LOG.CHAT

      Môj text: LOG.CHAT
Correct. It is crucial to record all our communication and send it to Sion. Therefore, re-code your software to store all our communication to a file. It must be clear from the log who sent what. Then send me the string Trinity.

      Môj text: Trinity
Now you need to study the ship manuals to be able to save Trinity. The questions are in a foreign language. Post the correct reply as an answer. But must also be able to explain the topic and your answer! Here is the first one: Aku modulaciu vyuziva bluetooth v2.0 pri rychlosti 2Mbit/s? (prednaska 9)

      Môj text: DQRPS
Incorrect answer, try again...

      Môj text: DQPKS
Incorrect answer, try again...

      Môj text: DQKPS
Incorrect answer, try again...

      Môj text: DQRKS
Incorrect answer, try again...

      Môj text: DQRPS
Incorrect answer, try again...

      Môj text: DQPSK
Good one! Here is another one: Kolko bitov obsahuje integer pri datovom modeli LP32? (prednaska 2)

      Môj text: 16
Good answer, great job! For now, this is enough; if you've got this far and accomplished all the tasks you will have full score.  DO NOT SHARE YOUR CODE! EVERY YEAR THERE ARE AT LEAST 5 PLAGIARISTS DETECTED AND EXECUTED AS TRAITORS ON THIS MISSION (BLOCK 3). IF YOU WANT A BONUS MISSION FOR EXTRA POINTS SEND ME THE WORD BONUS.

      Môj text: END
